The program is a guessing machine.
1. Think about an object.
2. Run either run.sh or run.bat
3. Answer the questions with yes or no. If the answer isn't yes or no, choose no.
4. The program should guess the name of the object you have in mind.

Below is a description of the algorithm.
The calculation of priority of next question uses the following parameters:
possibility_reduction(Value,Attribute) (for each Attribute), and
possibility_influence(Influence). Both Value and Influence are numbers
between 0 (included) and 1 (included). The meaning is as follows:

Value is a strength of a question. Some questions are very clear,
and all people would give the same answer. Those questions have value 1.
An example of such a question is: Does one plus one equal two?.
Other question are weaker, people can give different answers for them.
An example could be: Is a tiger a big animal? The question depends
on what people consider big. A tiger is big in comparison with a mouse,
but it's small in comparison with a whale. A question with the value 0 is
useless.

Influence is a general value which shows how strongly Value influences
priorities of questions. The value 0 means Value of a question
doesn't influence which question to choose next, the value of 1
tells that useless questions be asked last.

Example:
Let's assume we have 10 objects:
A,B,C,D,E,F,G,H,I,J
we have two questions:
Q1 with the Value 1
and
Q2 with the Value 0
Let's assume 5 object have answers yes for both questions,
and 5 have answers no.
If Influence is equal to 0 the order of question will be random.
If Influence is equal to 1
rdiv(N/2)=5
5-5=0
0-1*10*1/2=-5 - the priority of the first question
0-1*10*0/2=0 - the priority of the second question
The first question would be asked first.
No assume the following situation:
the number of object which have answers yes for the first question is 0,
for the second question is 5.
If Influence equals 0 the second question would be asked first
If Influence equals 1
5-0=5
5-5=0 - the priority of the first question
5-5=0
0-0=0 - the priority of the second question
Both questions have the same priority.
(Of course the first question would be removed by algorithm before getting
to this part of code, but it's unimportant for our calculations,
we could use 1 instead of 0, but calculations with 0 explain the main
idea better).




